# Be functionally free of resentment (anger) and resistance (fear).


1. List any resentments (anger) you have in connection with this project.

I'm annoyed I never learned servers and they were always hard. I resent that people were better than me at coding.
I resent that I wasn't included in coding projects with others. I resent that people didn't see the value in what I was making until
they saw it. I resent that they might not want what I have. I resent that they might want what I have because of all my other writings
and projects I've created, those were all good too! I resent the world for not loving all of my projects and all of my writings
and all of my words! Gah! I resent myself for not being smarter and learning machine learning. I resent myself for not taking myself seriously.
I resent how stupid I feel about believing that kind words mean anything at all. I resent that I might be making up new resentments right now.
I resent that my dad told me to get a job. I resent that I have to sugarcoat my work. I resent that my work is dependent on others to succeed.
I resent that other people may have better art projects than me. I resent that I have to sell out to blockchain technology in order to make art.
I resent myself for not being better. I resent myself for not having higher quality art. I resent myself for not being able to create what I once
saw in my imagination. I resent myself for destroying my imagination. I resent losing so much of myself. I resent not dealing with my problems.
I resent myself for doing drugs. I resent others for calling me crazy. I resent people for thinking that I'm crazy. I resent myself for believing them.
I resent myself for all the self destruction. I feel like resent is a really bad word to use here. I resent that I still could self sabotage even
when taking this much action and I resent myself for telling everyone I would write a book and telling everyone I would make an app and not following through.
Where is the app, and where is the book? I resent myself for potentially going for a backup plan because I'm so lacking in talent!
I resent myself that what I've created may only be because this is what my lacking skills allowed me to create!
I resent that I can't create more! I resent that I can't rely on others for help to make more!
I resent that I lost so much creativity! I resent that I lost so much of myself. I resent that I already see myself procrastinating from the task.

2. Ask your artist to list any and all fears about the projected piece of work and/or anyone connected to it.

With the Be Loved Bytes Project I am afraid that no one will purchase the NFTs and I am afraid that people will be weirded out by the NFTs and I am afraid that
no one will want the NFTs and I am afraid that the project will be hacked and I am afraid that the government will take me away and I am afraid that the
community will laugh at me and I am mostly afraid that I will put in all of the effort and all of the time and that no one will even look.
That's what I'm afraid of most. I'm afraid that I'll show the project to buddha and he'll just go wtf, and not post it. Or worse, he won't even bother to look at it.
I am afraid that crypto will be dead by the time I launch it. I am afraid that it will be impossible to launch due to fees. I am afraid that none of it will matter.
I am afraid that even if all of it works out, I won't make any money. I am afraid that even if I make money, I won't know what to do with any of my money.
I am afraid that other artists will shame me for my work and not be interested in me any more. I am afraid of letting people down. I am afraid of people seeing that
my projects fail.

I am afraid that if the project fails, I will not recover and I will fall apart and I won't be able to move on and I will be at risk of self harm or suicide
and that I will break and be broken and
I caught you. Self sabotager.

3. Ask your self if that is all. Have you left out any itsy fear? Have you suppressed any "stupid" anger? Get it onto the page.

Is that all? Is there any fear left? I'm afraid I can't do it. I'm afraid I'll put in the work and never figure it out. I'm afraid I'll self sabotage.
I'm afraid I'll try to make the bytes and nothing will come out. I'm afraid I'll set up all the infrastructure and then realize it isn't what I want to do
and be stuck and committed to a task that I don't want to follow through on. I'm afraid I'll lose all respect as a person for being a spiritual nutjob.
I'm afraid of not being seen for who I am accurately. I am afraid of commitment to the project if I get bored. I am afraid that if I succeed people will
want and expect more from me like website features that I won't have the skills to provide. I am afraid of people finding out that I have no skill.
I am afraid of people finding out that I have poor luck. I am afraid of people seeing the part of me that can't get the attention and the followers.
I am afraid of acknowledging the fact that I don't know how to grow an audience and I can't figure out how to make money when others make money and
I am afraid of acknowledging the fact that I was not born into money
and I am afraid of acknowledging the fact that dad doesn't believe that I can be an artist. I am afraid of acknowledging that dad doesn't believe in me.
I am afraid of acknowledging that dad doesn't think that I can be successful on my own.

I had a passing thought that wondered if dad is afraid for me to succeed because he doesn't want to see me get hurt. He doesn't want to see my heart and dreams
crushed by a cruel and unforgiving world. I think I can forgive him for that.

I am afraid that if I succeed I'll get bored. I'm afraid that I won't finish the project.

4. Ask yourself what you stand to gain by not doing this piece of work.

What I stand to gain from not finishing the work.
I won't disappoint anyone.
I might be able to disappear.
People won't know I'm a failure.
People won't know I'm a bad artist.
People won't know I don't know code for shit.
People will just laugh at me as a jester and not take me seriously so I don't have to take myself seriously.
I'll continue to be poor which will allow me to be the poor and humble child of god role.
I will have more time to fuck off.

5. Make your deal. The deal is, "Okay, Creative Force, you take care of the quality, I'll take care of the quantity." Sign your deal and post it.

The deal is, I will make time every day for one beloved byte and some exposure to project / blockchain coding. God, I need you to come through with the quality and ability.
Signed, Tyler James K the Blessed.








Name Your goal: I am _____ Creating the Blessed Be Loved Bytes that are changing the world and people are loving them and desperate
to collect one for themselves and the entire world and news media is wanting them and wondering what sort of art they could
make and how to have such ideas and all of the people are flooding into my websites and wondering what my secrets are and all of my
secrets and articles are all there for them!

In the present tense, describe yourself doing it at the height of your powers! This is your ideal scene.
Read this aloud to yourself.
Post this above your work area.
Read this aloud, daily!


Current Goal RIGHT NOW: Get Web3.js working on a website. Any site.
