
I write a lot, so don't feel pressured to read it all or that if you do want to reply that you should reply quickly. It is not my intention to be rude with an overbearing amount of writing either, it is just who I am.
As I had hoped, your mind map very much inspires me and excites my mind with possibility. This to me is incredibly refreshing and connects me to a well that is a love of learning.

There is a learning concept that says once you have crossed over a certain plateau in a subject matter, you know what you do not know. Your mind maps are instantaneously more practical, accessible, and useful to me
than a table of contents as I can within seconds identify what I am already familiar with and allows me to see what blanks exist that I can fill in. Thankfully I don't even have to pursue them right away, my brain will come back to me
later and probe me to search out those untrodden trails.

I don't surmise that anything I'm saying you haven't thought yourself over the years, but I'm just envisioning how much I would enjoy coming to a course that explored information by way of mind mapping. This is not the same as a course that explores
information by ways of visual data and graphs, such as Prezi, a presentation software that was popular in classrooms over a decade ago. It is apparent that visualizing data is not the same as what you have here. With the use of colors and freedom for
to allow the mind to output the data as it intends, you stimulate the creative side of the brain, while you are canvasing / cartographically charting the structure of how the brain is cataloguing and compartmentalizing the information as you have said.

I see an immediate reward and difficulty with this in the world. The challenge is that one who is not a great teacher in the sense that they cannot work with their intuition and higher cognitive processes ultimately could not create a mind map that
is inspiring to other minds. It would end up a prezi powerpoint presentation. So here you have a tool, a paintbrush that is incredibly powerful, but only a qualified person could pick it up on that level. I can't help imagining a fictional mad creative in his observatory, surrounded by his inventions and art canvas's, and using mind maps to enlighten his disciples.

I see the possibility of a mind map being combined with narrative storytelling. As you've said, mind mapping serves to create a map for traversing data stored in short and long term memory.
There is a military technique for instantly and permanently storing information on your body. I am not certain of all the details, but a part of your body is identified with a number. Then you take what you want to remember,
you take the body part, you take the number, and you create a story about the thing you were trying to remember. Then, you visualize the story and create an image of it. This image you never forget, it's stored as a memory.
You then can recall it by putting the pieces back together, the number, the body part, you reconstruct these basic parts, and "aha", the memory returns.

It works something like, the body part is feet, and the item to remember is spaghetti, and the image visualized is stomping feet in spaghetti. Then you could visualize onions flying around or whatever other details you wanted to add to the story or
picture. I can't help imagining that if there were a medium that presented image provoking storytelling that led into mind maps, it would create unforgettable information displays. Just interesting to me to think about.

My current focus is still this 'changing words' focus, as I think it's important that I focus on what will be fulfilling to me, whether or not others find what I do immediately interesting. I'm currently thinking of making these 'changing words' iconic, as these little data cubes. These little square boxes with words inside them that you expect to change when you interact with them. This to me is like storing more data in the same space. and I imagine it as an alien technology.
As they argue, no idea may be original, and I have definitely seen similar concepts in fiction. Once I've figured out the exact semantics of the model of these cubes, once they are old friends to me, I will look into adding color as emotion to them as you did in your mind maps. Now, after thinking about the military technique I stated, I cannot help imagining these cubes being inside the pages of an ancient large book, as you flip through each page in the book, some pages have paintings, others have these data cubes, that won't do anything unless you interact with them.

Of course you might see the other idea, if these cubes were on a mind map! A structured brain pattern with patterns of neurons that lead to these interactive data containers. That might be a bit beyond my current capabilities.
For whatever reason, all of these types of data modeling also lead me back to thinking about blockchain technology. Once you have that, you now have permanent data structures that are no longer created by one, but collaboratively influenced by everyone.

Ha. Brian, thank you so much! I just received my stroke of lightning! It just came together for me. Last night, I saw an artists collaboration book from many years ago, each page had an artist.
Now, in writing this, I see what I want. I want that picture book I described. I want the layout of this site to display an open book, the left page is empty, the right page has my data cube, my Byte.
The page of this byte is sold as an NFT on the blockchain.
The owner of that NFT is the owner of that page, and they can display anything they want on their page. They could display a beautiful artwork, or hopefully not, something horrible. Essentially the book itself becomes real estate for aspiring artists
that want to be seen. This will be more or less accessible if I get use the more lucrative Ethereum blockchain [for which I would need the support of financial investors], or the newly emerging Polygon blockchain[for which is accessible but of no value to anyone]. It's a bit complicated but I will likely be using both chains, actually.

A different version of it might allow the users to upload their own block bytes. The problem with all of this is the incredible security concerns with allowing users to modify a website.
If only I were a software engineer, or currently owned a company, I might create a software program that allows the user to easily create the data blocks, put them onto pages as desired, and allow the world to create their only interactive books.

The other thing you've helped me to visualize is what is possible with a 'data block'. In the attached image, if that page were its own block, there could be six different areas to click that when clicked would branch out or change to the associated information, and I suppose that circles back around to just being a classical table of contents, ha.

A day at a time..

I noticed something abstract, and hidden, and missing from these concepts about Di Vinci's way by the way. It is among all of this philosophy and required for many of these things though difficult to articulate. It is required of awakening childlike powers, it comes with enduring confusion, it comes with the relationship between openness and its relationship to the unknown. All of this, including the teacher who teaches self-teaching, requires a rejection of the opinion of other, in a two part fashion. This to me is, the same thing they reject you for is the same reason they don't know they love you for. To me personally, I am discovering to mean, being a bit mad. I see that allowing others to assume that they have discovered on their own, and to believe that I do not know that they see this, or that I am unable to hide this, is that I a bit mad. What is interesting is this changes the way others, in group environments particularly, are willing to listen to me regarding new concepts and
ideas. It is as though if they thought of me the same as themselves, they would be more quick to reject and not want to hear what concepts I might present, as if I were closer to threatening their belief systems.
But when there is this established assumption that I am outside of established reason, there is a new **expectation** that what I am going to say is going to be outside of the norm. It is later that value is found from the information I presented,
and only later that my input was appreciated.
So what I am seeing is not a declaration that we should all appear to be mad, but just as there is premature learning, then a plateau, then a young mastery of a topic, there is a multiple part process to operating as a creative actor in this world.
That is to say, to pursue almost all of these topics and considerations, one must leave the acceptable into the unknown, and here I can create a formula, that formula is that the amount you are willing to risk being seen as crazy is the limitation you have on yourself and your life and the limitation to the results you will reap later when they decide to call crazy, genius instead. I think a principle can be established here that there will always be resistance to new thought.
A bit of absurdist philosophy and spirituality definitely helps here.
This is perhaps why introverts become introverts, because to have interesting thoughts in this world, one will face a lashing back, and so as they say the only artists that are seen are not the highest of talent, but those who are audacious,
it is the same for knowledge and wisdom. It is the one willing to be audacious, annoying even, that is heard. And so what I'm saying is the two part process is that at first you must follow yourself and face ridicule, then after surviving a storm others love you for it.
This will be a difficult challenge for me myself as I present to the world. I require that hint of crazy, such that others believe I might just do the impossible, which creates momentum, belief that aids my reality. What is impossible to them
suddenly becomes, 'Wow, he might actually do it'. This year I have been witnessing the power of this phenomenon, as I see that others really do think I can do anything, and how that changes my own perception.
The hardest part is acknowledging that the reason others resist that behavior is that is what they are jealous of. It's confusing in the moment.
Di Vinci is a prime character to represent all of this, likely laughed at and mocked especially as queer by his world, not to mention dying saying that he never finished even one project in his life, and look how the world still ended up loving him
for it.
It's also why I'm wearing a bit of an implied and underlying spiritual hat, because if there's any crazy I'm going to be called, it might as well be spiritual crazy, because others can still set that aside and take more professional ideas seriously,
and it becomes a part of the personality..
Still this principle is upsetting, teaching me to listen to and follow my heart and not others. Two days ago someone shot down my concept of the 'data blocks'. The next day, they saw what I saw, except they now saw that is was actually possible and that because it had never existed before made it revolutionary in terms of what the blockchain has to offer, and recognized the hope and potential there. It was there the whole time, they just couldn't see it, and I risked believing them and becoming blind to it myself. A very dangerous game. I read a book once that identified me as this kind of artist, that only cared about bringing into the world what did not yet exist, and saw what no one else was seeing yet.
I now remember explaining to someone that the reason he felt lonely was because the girl he took out on this date to nature was unable to fully appreciate what he saw in it, and that's what he was looking for.
I can't help wishing that others would appreciate discovery with me, instead of only marveling at the afterimage. It seems that is just the role I'm playing.

Blessings,
James
